ticdc:  add kafka oauth configurations (#13849) (#14083)
pingcap/docs: ticdc/ticdc-changefeed-config.md

# Specifies whether to store the redo log in a file.
# The default value is false.
use-file-backend = false

> <<<<<<< HEAD
> =======
> 
> [integrity]
> # Whether to enable the checksum validation for single-row data. The default value is "none", which means to disable the feature. Value options are "none" and "correctness".
> integrity-check-level = "none"
> # Specifies the log level of the Changefeed when the checksum validation for single-row data fails. The default value is "warn". Value options are "warn" and "error".
> corruption-handle-level = "warn"
> 
> # The following configuration items only take effect when the downstream is Kafka.
> [sink.kafka-config]
> # The mechanism of Kafka SASL authentication. The default value is empty, indicating that SASL authentication is not used.
> sasl-mechanism = "OAUTHBEARER"
> # The client-id in the Kafka SASL OAUTHBEARER authentication. The default value is empty. This parameter is required when the OAUTHBEARER authentication is used.
> sasl-oauth-client-id = "producer-kafka"
> # The client-secret in the Kafka SASL OAUTHBEARER authentication. The default value is empty. This parameter is required when the OAUTHBEARER authentication is used.
> sasl-oauth-client-secret = "cHJvZHVjZXIta2Fma2E="
> # The token-url in the Kafka SASL OAUTHBEARER authentication to obtain the token. The default value is empty. This parameter is required when the OAUTHBEARER authentication is used.
> sasl-oauth-token-url = "http://127.0.0.1:4444/oauth2/token"
> # The scopes in the Kafka SASL OAUTHBEARER authentication. The default value is empty. This parameter is optional when the OAUTHBEARER authentication is used.
> sasl-oauth-scopes = ["producer.kafka", "consumer.kafka"]
> # The grant-type in the Kafka SASL OAUTHBEARER authentication. The default value is "client_credentials". This parameter is optional when the OAUTHBEARER authentication is used.
> sasl-oauth-grant-type = "client_credentials"
> # The audience in the Kafka SASL OAUTHBEARER authentication. The default value is empty. This parameter is optional when the OAUTHBEARER authentication is used.
> sasl-oauth-audience = "kafka"
> >>>>>>> 7c07485efc (ticdc:  add kafka oauth configurations (#13849))

Reviewer: ```suggestion

# The following configuration items only take effect when the downstream is Kafka. Supported starting from v6.5.3.
[sink.kafka-config]
# The mechanism of Kafka SASL authentication. The default value is empty, indicating that SASL authentication is not used.
sasl-mechanism = "OAUTHBEARER"
# The client-id in the Kafka SASL OAUTHBEARER authentication. The default value is empty. This parameter is required when the OAUTHBEARER authentication is used.
sasl-oauth-client-id = "producer-kafka"
# The client-secret in the Kafka SASL OAUTHBEARER authentication. The default value is empty. This parameter is required when the OAUTHBEARER authentication is used.
sasl-oauth-client-secret = "cHJvZHVjZXIta2Fma2E="
# The token-url in the Kafka SASL OAUTHBEARER authentication to obtain the token. The default value is empty. This parameter is required when the OAUTHBEARER authentication is used.
sasl-oauth-token-url = "http://127.0.0.1:4444/oauth2/token"
# The scopes in the Kafka SASL OAUTHBEARER authentication. The default value is empty. This parameter is optional when the OAUTHBEARER authentication is used.
sasl-oauth-scopes = ["producer.kafka", "consumer.kafka"]
# The grant-type in the Kafka SASL OAUTHBEARER authentication. The default value is "client_credentials". This parameter is optional when the OAUTHBEARER authentication is used.
sasl-oauth-grant-type = "client_credentials"
# The audience in the Kafka SASL OAUTHBEARER authentication. The default value is empty. This parameter is optional when the OAUTHBEARER authentication is used.
sasl-oauth-audience = "kafka"
```
